androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebasemessaging/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/cloudfirestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/example/farmket/R.java
 com.example.farmket.R
 com.example.farmket.R$attr
 com.example.farmket.R$color
 com.example.farmket.R$dimen
 com.example.farmket.R$drawable
 com.example.farmket.R$id
 com.example.farmket.R$integer
 com.example.farmket.R$layout
 com.example.farmket.R$mipmap
 com.example.farmket.R$string
 com.example.farmket.R$style
 com.example.farmket.R$styleable
 com.example.farmket.R$xml
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/example/farmket/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.farmket.BuildConfig
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/baseflow/geolocator/R.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$attr
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$color
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$id
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$integer
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$layout
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$string
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$style
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/storage/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/lyokone/location/R.java
 com.lyokone.location.R
 com.lyokone.location.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location.R$color
 com.lyokone.location.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location.R$id
 com.lyokone.location.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location.R$string
 com.lyokone.location.R$style
 com.lyokone.location.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseanalytics/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseauth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
